hey and what is up guys so we got a
brand new base it's gonna be on our 2015
ford the July fireworks - of course
and so yeah this was all purchased from
Big Daddy Kane fireworks in Highland
Indiana and yeah I usually go to
boomtown fireworks and after three years
of the owner being really rude to me
decided you know what it's time to go to
a new place so called up George at Big
Daddy K fireworks customer service was
great he was really nice and I'm asking
about a few prices and the prices you
know what I went there I decided that
you know what these are the best prices
that you could find so ya decide to
spend my money there $330 worth
fireworks in this video so yeah let's
get right into it so first up we're
gonna start off with some of these
smaller items
these Rockets it's about half a half of
gross they're all these are all from
last year yeah some whistling bottle
rockets just standard rockets gotta show
some firecrackers as well and then
everything else is pretty much all from
this year so I guess we'll start with
some of the smaller things I've got a
growth of just new travelers clustering
bees Texas sized Texas pop rockets
oh these worth two bucks these were 150
and these Texas rockets were 250 so yeah
some of the smaller cakes that we got
are at it again for 250 you got two of
those dark ghosts for 250 all by
world-class
evil for 250 also by world class and
cover ears for two bucks so that's
pretty good I think
yeah so we also got some fuse as well
some just standard fiscal fuse some of
these cakes
these two are blowout and outburst heard
they were pretty good 15 shots for 5
bucks each not bad yeah and then we got
this one it's called snake pit it's a
nineteen shot cake by cannon so there's
no actual breaks but it'd be a good
opener bump there 16 shot cake for $6.99
Oh
this was $4.99 going on we have mass
explosion the rest of these cakes are
all going to be just about 1099 yeah and
so this one he told me um I talked to
George over at Big Daddy Cape fireworks
and he told me that this was kind of
like a new brand and that it's a really
nice cake so for 1099 I give it a shot
sixteen shots yeah another cake is
called just hanging to another gram cake
by world-class fireworks this week I
mean I've seen the video online and it
was had a nice aerobic lat
so I thought I'd give it a go massive
destruction was twenty five shot cake
with a nice finale doc holliday I can
throw like five breaks at a time with
ten shot finale this one was by
world-class just hanging is my world bus
and so the scream is a sixteen shot cake
has a nice effect by big now this one is
called strong men by window and sixteen
shot I'm sure that you've heard about
this pretty good cake binary star twelve
shot cake by a FW midsummer dream twelve
shot cake by FW I got two Aquarian cakes
by a FW the these three cakes by a FW or
hurt are really really good and for 12
shots I heard that they have really nice
brakes you got to crazy exciting's 25
shots each and they're both my world
class so yeah I hurt I mean I had these
last year so to get to this year these
are really good cakes got a hundred
shots that are missile a two hundred
shots at our missile battery and of
course we got motormouth for $14.99 and
yeah pretty much all of these cakes are
1099 each except for these two these
were both five bucks and then moving on
to some of the shells these were pretty
much all from last year
they're just HTP tubes that I have left
over and we have what dominator
artillery shells and another powder keg
artillery shell just standard ball
shells and then my up
I'm really happy about are these ex-cons
right here so it's a 12 pack of X cows
and yeah these I've never had exhales
before so I thought I'd give it a go so
40 bucks for a 12-pack these artillery
shells were a $6.99 each as well so
let's um let's see what's inside so we
got two sets of six two tubes as well
and yeah twelve shells X cows really
want to try these I'm really excited for
these shells hopefully they're gonna be
really nice I'm sure they are number one
best selling shells
yeah it's called King Arthur the whole
entire 12-pack of shells but yeah guys
are pretty much my whole entire stash
like I said I purchased all of it
at Big Daddy K fireworks in Highland
Indiana we really recommend that prices
are great eleven bout eleven bucks per
like pretty big cakes and of course they
have some smaller ones as well but just
to give you guys another look around
that's pretty much all I got for you
guys today if you did enjoy the video
guys please be sure to drop a like down
below and subscribe if you are new to
the channel and yeah please be on the
lookout for the firework show that will
be up hopefully tomorrow the next day so
hope you all have a great fourth of July